#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==2.0.0
    # via tensorboard
anyio==4.0.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.0
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.13.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
body-visualizer @ git+https://github.com/nghorbani/body_visualizer
    # via -r requirements.in
cachetools==4.2.4
    # via google-auth
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.3.1
    # via requests
comm==0.1.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
configer @ git+https://github.com/MPI-IS/configer.git
    # via -r requirements.in
configparser==6.0.0
    # via configer
contourpy==1.1.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.8.0
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dotmap==1.3.23
    # via -r requirements.in
exceptiongroup==1.1.3
    # via anyio
executing==2.0.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.18.1
    # via nbformat
fonttools==4.43.1
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
freetype-py==2.4.0
    # via pyrender
future==0.18.3
    # via pytorch-lightning
google-auth==1.35.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
grpcio==1.59.0
    # via tensorboard
human-body-prior @ git+https://github.com/nghorbani/human_body_prior
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
imageio==2.31.6
    # via pyrender
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   markdown
    #   nbconvert
importlib-resources==6.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib
ipykernel==6.25.2
    # via jupyterlab
ipython==8.12.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
ipywidgets==8.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
json5==0.9.14
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.19.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.4.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.4.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.25.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.9
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
markdown==3.5
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.7.3
    # via -r requirements.in
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
nbclient==0.8.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.9.2
    # via jupyter-server
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.5.8
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.1
    # via pyrender
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via jupyterlab
numpy==1.23.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   opencv-python
    #   psbody-mesh
    #   pyrender
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
    #   torch
    #   trimesh
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
opencv-python==4.8.1.78
    # via psbody-mesh
overrides==7.4.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytorch-lightning
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==10.0.1
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   psbody-mesh
    #   pyrender
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via jsonschema
platformdirs==3.11.0
    # via jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.17.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via ipython
protobuf==4.24.4
    # via tensorboard
psbody-mesh @ git+https://github.com/MPI-IS/mesh.git
    # via -r requirements.in
psutil==5.9.6
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyglet==2.0.9
    # via pyrender
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyopengl==3.1.0
    # via
    #   psbody-mesh
    #   pyrender
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via matplotlib
pyrender==0.1.45
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytorch-lightning==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via babel
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-events
    #   psbody-mesh
    #   pytorch-lightning
pyzmq==25.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   psbody-mesh
referencing==0.30.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.10.6
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
scipy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   psbody-mesh
    #   pyrender
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via jupyter-server
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   google-auth
    #   pyrender
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   tensorboard
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
tensorboard==2.2.0
    # via pytorch-lightning
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via jupyterlab
torch==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytorch-lightning
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.47.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytorch-lightning
traitlets==5.11.2
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
transforms3d==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
trimesh==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyrender
types-python-dateutil==2.8.19.14
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   async-lru
    #   ipython
    #   torch
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.0.7
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.8
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.6.4
    # via jupyter-server
werkzeug==3.0.0
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.41.2
    # via tensorboard
widgetsnbextension==4.0.9
    # via ipywidgets
zipp==3.17.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
